and let's take just a a funny meme for a
second come to the dark side we have
cookies now it's funny it's cute but
there actually is something to that rage
is intoxicating rage has a Clarity and
so you actually have to warn people not
to get too sucked in because if you're
an anxious person and I piss you off
you're not anxious anymore you're filled
with rage and it's wonderful these
things serve purposes and so if you
don't teach people how to navigate their
own this is why I'm obsessed with mind
control cuz it's all about your own mind
right I'm not worried about controlling
other people's minds I'm going to
control my own so once you understand
that like the game you're playing is
controlling your own mind that the
reason Star Wars is amazingly powerful
is it literally is this allegory for how
not to give in to the rage to the anger
to all that cuz while it has this
immediate power right and it always
talks about the people that go to the
dark side powerful but then the
light side which maybe takes more
discipline more time you have to be more
careful it it makes you more human right
which is exactly why it's pitted this
machine against man so you can either
maintain your humanity and get the power
but it's slower it's harder it takes
more discipline you have to live by a
code or you can just be incredibly
powerful but you give up your Humanity
but we're not telling people how to
extract that and actually think about
yourself as an entrepreneur and are you
going to be on the Darth Vader side and
just think about profits be a clever
marketer and take from people or are you
going to play the long game be the Luke
Skywalker understand that yes it may be
a little harder to be delivering value
all the time all the time to prioritize
your customer over profits but in the
long run that Humanity especially now
with social media you're going to be
rewarded for that you have to play the
long
game